README.md, before:

contest-sdr
===========

Author: Clayton Smith  
Email: <argilo@gmail.com>

The intent of this project is to turn a HackRF (or other SDR board)
into a multi-band transceiver for use in amateur radio contents such as
the ARRL June VHF contest. At present it only supports CW.

License
=======

Copyright 2015 Clayton Smith

This file is part of contest-sdr

contest-sdr is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation; either version 3, or (at your option)
any later version.

contest-sdr is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with contest-sdr; see the file COPYING.  If not, write to
the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street,
Boston, MA 02110-1301, USA.

Commit message:

Update README with patches for HackRF T/R switching.

README.md, after:

contest-sdr
===========

Author: Clayton Smith  
Email: <argilo@gmail.com>

The intent of this project is to turn a HackRF (or other SDR board)
into a multi-band transceiver for use in amateur radio contents such as
the ARRL June VHF contest. At present it only supports CW.

At the moment, it depends on patches to hackrf and gr-osmosdr to add
support for transmit/receive switching:

* https://github.com/argilo/hackrf/tree/allow-tr-switching
* https://github.com/argilo/gr-osmosdr/tree/allow-tr-switching

License
=======

Copyright 2015 Clayton Smith

This file is part of contest-sdr

contest-sdr is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation; either version 3, or (at your option)
any later version.

contest-sdr is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with contest-sdr; see the file COPYING.  If not, write to
the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street,
Boston, MA 02110-1301, USA.
